#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass letter
\begin_preamble
\date{January 11, 2016}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman times
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 0
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout My Address
Mohammed Chamma
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

6379153
\end_layout

\begin_layout Send To Address

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Red fields are mandatory, green ones optional.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Signature
Mohammed Afif Chamma
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Fourth-Year Honours BSc With Specialization in Physics-Mathematics
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

6379153
\end_layout

\begin_layout Opening
Dear Professor Desgreniers,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Please find enclosed my work term report for my last CO-OP semester (PHY4902,
 T4) which I started at the beginning of September and finished on December
 18.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work term was a continuation of my previous work term T3 at the uOttawa
 A.E.
 Lalonde Accelerator Mass Spectrometry lab and I continued helping with
 the maintenance of the machine, building and testing new components, and
 creating simulations.
 My supervisor was Professor Liam Kieser.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The title of my enclosed report is 
\emph on
Ion Sourcery: Generating Ions for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry
\emph default
, which is an overview of the topic of ion sources and details problems
 and possible improvements of the ion source used at this lab.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The report is a product of my own work and I am grateful for many ideas
 from Dr.
 Xiaolei Zhao, images and plots of the cooling system from Dr.
 Chris Charles, and for feedback on the first draft from Dr.
 Liam Kieser.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Closing
Yours sincerely,
\end_layout

\begin_layout Location
University of Ottawa
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
